CodeBook
================

TidyData Dictionary

1.Subject (1) = Is the number of the volunteers within an age bracket of
19 - 48 years.

2.Activity\_Name = Description of the diferent activities, six in total
(WALKING,WALKING\_UPSTAIRS, WALKING\_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING,
LAYING).

3.TBodyaccMeanX = time acceleration mean signal axial x. A double mean
time activity of the subject per activity

4.TBodyaccMeanY = time acceleration mean signal axial y. A double mean
time activity of the subject per activity

5.TBodyaccMeanZ = time acceleration mean signal axial z. A double mean
time activity of the subject per activity

6.TbodyaccStdX = time acceleration standard deviation signal axial x. A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity

7.TbodyaccStdY = time acceleration standard deviation signal axial y. A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity

8.TbodyaccStdZ = time acceleration standard deviation signal axial z. A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity

9.TgravityaccMeanX = time gravity acceleration mean signal axial x. A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity

10.TgravityaccMeanY = time gravity acceleration mean signal axial y. A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity

11.TgravityaccMeanZ = time gravity acceleration mean signal axial z. A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity

12.TgravityaccStdX = time gravity acceleration standard deviation signal
axial x. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity

13.TgravityaccStdY = time gravity acceleration standard deviation signal
axial y. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity

14.TgravityaccStdZ = time gravity acceleration standard deviation signal
axial z. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity

15.TbodyaccjerkMeanX = time body linear acceleration mean signal axial
x.A double mean time activity of the subject per activity

16. TbodyaccjerkMeanY= time body linear acceleration mean signal axial
    y.A double mean time activity of the subject per activity

17.TbodyaccjerkMeanZ = time body linear acceleration mean signal axial
z.A double mean time activity of the subject per activity

18.TbodyaccjerkStdX = time body linear acceleration standard deviation
signal axial x.A double mean time activity of the subject per activity

19.TbodyaccjerkStdY = time body linear acceleration standard deviation
signal axial y.A double mean time activity of the subject per activity

20.TbodyaccjerkStdZ = time body linear acceleration standard deviation
signal axial z.A double mean time activity of the subject per activity

21.TbodygyroMeanX = time angular velocity mean signal axial x. A double
mean time activity of the subject per activity.

22.TbodygyroMeanY = time angular velocity mean signal axial y. A double
mean time activity of the subject per activity.

23.TbodygyroMeanZ = time angular velocity mean signal axial z. A double
mean time activity of the subject per activity.

24. TbodygyroStdX = time angular velocity standard deviation signal
    axial x. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

25.TbodygyroStdY = time angular velocity standard deviation signal axial
y. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

26.TbodygyroStdZ = time angular velocity standard deviation signal axial
z. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

27.TbodygyrojerkMeanX = time angular velocity mean signal axial x. A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

28.TbodygyrojerkMeanY = time angular velocity mean signal axial y. A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

29.TbodygyrojerkMeanZ = time angular velocity mean signal axial z. A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

30.TbodygyrojerkStdX = time angular velocity standard deviation signal
axial x. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

31.TbodygyrojerkStdY = time angular velocity standard deviation signal
axial x. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

32.TbodygyrojerkStdZ = time angular velocity standard deviation signal
axial x. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

33.TbodyaccmagMean = time body acceleration magnitude mean.A double mean
time activity of the subject per activity.

34.TbodyaccmagStd = time body acceleration magnitude standard
deviation.A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

35.TgravityaccmagMean = time gravity acceleration magnitude mean.A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

36.TgravityaccmagStd = time gravity acceleration magnitude standard
deviation.A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

37.TbodyaccjerkmagMean = time body acceleration magnitude jerk mean. A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

38.TbodyaccjerkmagStd = time body acceleration magnitude jerk standard
deviation. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

39.TbodygyromagMean = time body gyroscope magnitude mean.A double mean
time activity of the subject per activity.

40.TbodygyromagStd = time body gyroscope magnitude deviation standard.A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

41.TbodygyrojerkmagMean = time body gyroscope magnitude jerk mean.A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

42.TbodygyrojerkmagStd = time body gyroscope magnitude jerk standard
deviation.A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

43.FbodyaccMeanX = frequency body acceleration mean in axial x. A double
mean time activity of the subject per activity.

44.FbodyaccMeanY = frequency body acceleration mean in axial y. A double
mean time activity of the subject per activity.

45.FbodyaccMeanZ = frequency body acceleration mean in axial z. A double
mean time activity of the subject per activity.

46.FbodyaccStdX = frequency body acceleration standard deviation in
axial x. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

47.FbodyaccStdY = frequency body acceleration standard deviation in
axial y. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

48.FbodyaccStdZ = frequency body acceleration standard deviation in
axial z. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

49.FbodyaccjerkMeanX = frequency body acceleration jerk mean in axial x.
A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

50.FbodyaccjerkMeanY = frequency body acceleration jerk mean in axial y.
A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

51.FbodyaccjerkMeanZ = frequency body acceleration jerk mean in axial z.
A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

52.FbodyaccjerkStdX = frequency body acceleration jerk standard
deviation in axial x. A double mean time activity of the subject per
activity.

53.FbodyaccjerkStdY = frequency body acceleration jerk standard
deviation in axial y. A double mean time activity of the subject per
activity.

54.FbodyaccjerkStdZ = frequency body acceleration jerk standard
deviation in axial z. A double mean time activity of the subject per
activity.

55.FbodygyroMeanX = frequency body gyroscope mean in axial x.A double
mean time activity of the subject per activity.

56.FbodygyroMeanY = frequency body gyroscope mean in axial y.A double
mean time activity of the subject per activity.

57.FbodygyroMeanZ = frequency body gyroscope mean in axial z.A double
mean time activity of the subject per activity.

58.FbodygyroStdX = frequency body gyroscope standard deviation in axial
x.A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

59.FbodygyroStdY = frequency body gyroscope standard deviation in axial
y.A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

60.FbodygyroStdZ = frequency body gyroscope standard deviation in axial
z.A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

61.FbodyaccmagMean = frecuency body acceleration magnitude mean.A double
mean time activity of the subject per activity.

62.FbodyaccmagStd = frecuency body acceleration magnitude standard
deviation. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

63.FbodybodyaccjerkmagMean = frecuency body acceleration jerk magnitude
mean. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

64.FbodybodyaccjerkmagStd = frecuency body acceleration jerk magnitude
standard deviation. A double mean time activity of the subject per
activity.

65.FbodybodygyromagMean = frecuency body gyroscope magnitude mean. A
double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

66.FbodybodygyromagStd =frecuency body gyroscope magnitude standard
deviation. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

67.FbodybodygyrojerkmagMean = frecuency body gyroscope jerk magnitude
mean. A double mean time activity of the subject per activity.

68.FbodybodygyrojerkmagStd = frecuency body gyroscope jerk magnitude
standard deviation. A double mean time activity of the subject per
activity.
